just a dream
It's with this song and with this little
gab coconut that begins the narration of today
I cut killed my chicken kak치
team in this video and share with
all your partners our saints
played too much again and it sure is the
best team in the universe without mini now
Release the sticker at this time that I want
see the bric hatch of fish wins
on top of kaka opossums
the Saints began pressing and then in
first play lucas deus lima gave a
fuck fucking pass design V칙nio
ronaldo gave another fuck pass to
fucking pro boy gabi coconut who used
his gunner powers and made a whore
Fucking goofy who gave birth
What the fuck's eye looks at this
played
the opossums did not see the color of the ball in the
throw
the free state even opened a spaghetti
trying to make the defense but only passed
vexation
kak치 even after the goal the
continued to press and the jev칙nio
ronaldo gave a strong kick and the Frenchman
in made a good defense
now look at this move outside of brother
the luque marco was inspired the boy
victor ferraz broke everyone from
possums and gave beautiful pas pro pastor
Olive finalize frustrated make another
good defense
in a fault to the saints the master of the
put the ball in the head of
deivid Brazilians almost scored the
second goal of the fish
fucking hell only gives holy possums in
in the arbitration trio can not even
catch the ball
kaka now look at this rehearsed play
damn it
It certainly was all combined for the
ball leftover on the feet of thiago mayan god
who fucking gave a fucking pass
promise and the gabriel who gave another pass
fucking fucking for pastor oliveira
make the second goal of the fish in the game
bitch who gave birth to another fucking goatee
the pastor was so happy with her than
his goal brain and he did not know how to
celebrate
there then he remembered that he would have a
son and did him a homage
Congratulations, olive pastor, come on.
kneel and thank you because this team is
fuck well over the goal was so fuck up
seems to be a hitler and inverted
first goal
cassio could change the name to caio
because in both goals he gave the skate and
stayed on the floor
kkk I was even going to show the opossums goal
but I prefer to see the gaucho dancing kaka
the beggar still kicked at the end of the
game but the vander god made a defense
Such crap.
and so was the classification of the fish
to the quarterfinals
the last three defeats of the opossums
They went to us and eliminate limits
already turned our party room
kkkk chuupa possum motherfucker
here are saints fucking and that way
affectionate that I say goodbye to you
a hug to all the saints and even the
next
said